# Computational Musicology

I have chosen a corpus containing in total 120 tracks (could become more in the future). The foundation of the corpus exists of two playlists combined, supplemented with around twenty tracks. The two playlists I used were the "This is Michael Buble" and the "This is Frank Sinatra" playlists. In other words JAZZZZZ. When you've listened to Buble before you may be familliar with the fact that Buble has many covers in his audiography. A lot of covers are also songs of Sinatra. I'm interested to see if there are any similarities between the two artists or that Buble reinvented the songs by giving his own twist to the lyrics. 

My natural groups of comparison points in my corpus are (of course) the artists and their genres. I am gonna try to tink of a few more comparison points but for now i will stick to these two. I expect that there will be a lot of similarities between the two artists, but at the same time i expect there to be different interpretations of the same songs by the two artists. 

I think my corpus is generally representative of the points I want to compare. Because of the amount of covers Buble has produced in his career there are a lot of songs to compare. However, I do think there are a healthy amount of outliers with respect to the songs of Buble, because not ALL his songs are of the genre Jazz. 

A track I think is typical in my corpus is the classic: Fly me to the moon. There are an unthinkable amount of covers made of this song. I am excited to research the similarities or differences the artists made during their interpretation of this song. 